---
pubDate: 2024-08-16
author: jonald
title: a night in oakland
description: August 8, 2024
image:
  url: "https://images.ctfassets.net/wes1vt7sf9ho/3GjhrI52yp13TdBOFg4YgO/38367b885caa93e78d576ffd7d5193ef/AS_1.jpeg?w=1984&q=90"
  alt: "#"
tags: ["Frameworks", "Development"]
---


The evening began with the Oakland sunshine beaming down on me with a suprising intensity as I exited the BART station. No matter how many times I comment on the atypical and isolated briskness of the San Francisco weather, I always forget about the idea until I'm heating up under a unnecessary fleece or heavy shirt. Such was the case as I made my way up the stairs, collected my bearings, and head out towards the sushi restaurant. 

The streets of Oakland were suprisingly quiet, with not too much to catch your attention in terms of people or automobiles. Somehow both the streets and sidwalks seemed wider than they should have been, which would have given the area a suprisingly eerie feeling had it not been for the pleasant sunshine and excitement of the evening. I arrived at the restaurant a bit ahead of schedule but received a text from Joshua that he and Caroline would be arriving within a few minutes. I loitered around, pretending to read the menu in front of the store, trying to make myself appear busy whilst just killing a little bit of time. 

They arrived soon after, I greeted them by shaking their hands. They informed me of two more friends who were running late. We informed the hostess of our arrival and took our seats in the restaurant anyways.

It was a very nice looking restaurant. Behind my seat and the diners behind me was a very large mural of three women in a traditional Japanese style. They watched over us as we perused the enjoyably small menu. Gavin and Ashylnn arrived soon after we had settled in, we made our introductions, and turned our attentions back to the menu.

Sake is an interesting drink in that it has a very distinct taste but I can't decide if I enjoy it all. Despite my only slight affection for the spirit, the situation of night certainly called for it, and we decided on a bottle for the table.